.Dd November 2024
.Dt DNSRECCE 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm dnsrecce
.Nd cozy DNS reconnaissance CLI
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm dnsrecce
.Op Fl e
.Op Fl S Ar server
.Op Fl s Ar count
.Op Fl p Ar count
.Op Fl f Ar path
.Op Fl u Ar mode
.Op Fl r
.Op Fl w
.Op Fl x Ar regex
.Op Fl o Ar file
.Op Fl b Ar file
.Op Fl T Ar count
.Op Fl t Ar seconds
.Op Fl D Ar domain
.Ar domain
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
performs threaded A/NS/MX lookups, zone transfers, Google scraping,
brute-force with recursion, whois netrange expansion, reverse PTRs, and
writes optional MagicTree-friendly XML. Output is formatted for
readability with optional ANSI colors. Single-dash long flags are
accepted (e.g., Fl domain , Fl scrap Ns = Ns 5 ) .
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl e , Fl enum
Shortcut sweep: threads 5, scrap 15, whois on.
.It Fl S , Fl server , Fl dnsserver Ar server
Pin resolvers for A/NS/MX queries.
.It Fl s , Fl scrap Ar count
Google scraping budget (default 0).
.It Fl p , Fl pages Ar count
Google pages to scrape (default 5).
.It Fl f , Fl file Ar path
Brute-force wordlist (default: /usr/share/dnsenum/dns.txt or local
.Pa dns.txt ) .
.It Fl u , Fl update Ar mode
Write discoveries back to wordlist (a/all, g, r, z).
.It Fl r , Fl recursive , Fl recursion
Recurse on NS-capable subdomains.
.It Fl w , Fl whois
Whois netrange expansion.
.It Fl x , Fl exclude Ar regex
Regex to drop PTR matches.
.It Fl o , Fl output Ar file
MagicTree-friendly XML output.
.It Fl b , Fl subfile Ar file
Write discovered subdomains to file.
.It Fl T , Fl threads Ar count
Concurrency level.
.It Fl t , Fl timeout Ar seconds
DNS timeout (default 10, max 128).
.It Fl D , Fl domain Ar domain
Explicit domain flag; positional argument also accepted.
.It Fl R , Fl noreverse
Skip reverse PTR lookups.
.It Fl C , Fl nocolor
Disable color output.
.It Fl P , Fl private
Show and save private IPs.
.It Fl h , Fl help
Show help.
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Verbose progress.
.It Fl d , Fl delay Ar seconds
Max random delay between whois queries (default 3).
.El
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Pa dns.txt
Default brute-force wordlist (searches /usr/share/dnsenum/dns.txt then
local).
.It Pa <domain>_ips.txt
IP blocks and optional private IPs.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
Fast sweep without reverse lookup:
.Pp
.Dl "dnsrecce --threads 5 --scrap 0 --noreverse example.com"
.Pp
Full run with whois and recursion, saving subs:
.Pp
.Dl "dnsrecce --enum --recursive --subfile subs.txt --file dns.txt example.com"
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr dig 1 ,
.Xr whois 1
